Add `tox -e docs-clean` and use Tox in CONTRIBUTING.md (#205)
Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme: CONTRIBUTING.md

E.g. if a qiskit project (with the `qiskit_sphinx_theme` installed) wants to override any of the themes files (such as the `layout.html`) that the `qiskit_sphinx_theme` provides it needs to have its own version of that file (e.g. `layout.html`) stored in its `docs/_templates` folder.

### `/example_docs`
This subfolder contains a scaled down version of the Sphinx build that builds the documentation for the Qiskit repos. 

It pulls styles from the `/qiskit_sphinx_theme` subfolder. You can check any changes you are making to the `qiskit_sphinx_theme` by building the documentation (see running locally section) and opening the html files generated in `/example_docs/docs/_build/html`.

### `/docs_guide`

> This subfolder contains instructions on how to use Sphinx in Qiskit projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subfolder contains guidance on how to write documentation and build sphinx projects for Qiskit and Qiskit Ecosystem projects. You can view the fully rendered docs guide at https://qisk.it/docs-guide
```

------
## Run locally

We use [Tox](https://tox.wiki/en/latest/), which you will need to install globally (e.g. using [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/)).

> * Build `example_docs/`:

Reviewer: can you add a line explaining where to find the built docs? I think a line like this from the old contributing guide is helpful for new users: 

> This will create the `example_docs/docs/_build` subfolder where you can see the html files generated based on the `.rst` files in the `docs` folder and the styles pulled from the `qiskit_sphinx_theme`.

Author: I tried to do this with this sub-bullet:

> 2. Open up `example_docs/docs/_build/html/index.html` in your browser

Is there something in particular missing? Your suggestion explains how it uses the style from qiskit_sphinx_theme etc, although I left that off because we explain that already higher up in the doc in `Folder Structure`.

Reviewer: ahh ok yeah i forgot we explained that earlier, ok this should be fine 👍

  1. `tox -e py`
  2. Open up `example_docs/docs/_build/html/index.html` in your browser
* Build `docs_guide`:
  1. `tox -e docs-guide`
  2. Open up `docs_guide/_build/html/index.html` in your browser.
* Run doctests for the docs guide: `tox -e doctest`

Sometimes Sphinx's caching can get in a bad state. First, try running `tox -e docs-clean`, which will remove Sphinx's cache. If you are still having issues, try adding `-r` your command, e.g. `tox -e py -r`. `-r` tells Tox to reinstall the dependencies.

> To build the Furo theme, use `THEME=_qiskit_furo` in front of the command, e.g. `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e py`.

Reviewer: I think we need a teeny bit more explanation about furo here. E.g. explain that there are 2 themes being actively worked on and currently the non-furo styles are pulled in by default when you run the build commands

> We are in the process of migrating our theme from Pytorch to Furo (see https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme/issues/232). To build the Furo theme, use `THEME=_qiskit_furo` in front of the command, e.g. `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are in the process of migrating our theme from Pytorch to Furo (see https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit_sphinx_theme/issues/232). To build the local docs using the Furo theme, use `THEME=_qiskit_furo` in front of the command, e.g. `THEME=_qiskit_furo tox -e py`.
```

------
## Run locally

> We use [Tox](https://tox.wiki/en/latest/), which you will need to install globally (e.g. using [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/)).

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't replace the old instructions, there may be cases where people son't want to use tox for whatever reason. I think we should keep instructions for both methods

Author: With build processes, it's advantageous to consolidate around one documented way of doing things. It makes it easier to ensure that everyone is running the exact same commands, such as the options we set with Sphinx. One of the worst problems in "build engineering" / developer productivity is Works On My Machine™️ issues; using consistent tooling and commands helps to mitigate that.

It's also simpler for contributors to have only one documented way of doing things. Otherwise, people like the Digital team will need to make a decision of whether to use `venv` or use `tox` - that decision isn't really relevant to them. The want something that just works.

--

You're still welcome to use the `venv` approach rather than tox if you prefer (although I'd encourage migrating to Tox). This PR is only about what we document as the "blessed path".
